hi very good people all here
fermin in a new video and good then
I bring you a series that comes from me
old channel which I closed good
history that I already care very little and
that we have and we have the steel dollars
the series that I started my old channel a
series that only has one chapter since
the sons of bitches of the haters do not
They gave time to do more and what is the
series series will see as a
kind of road to color is what happens
that I have put it to zero dollars
basically because I wanted to give it a
original name not always road to glory
as most people put me
would like to give it an original name other
kind of name and well I will inherit the
name of my old channel
to 0 hours because because we are not going to use
no outside help or new
it means points or coins or I want to
coins or anything or we pay the 70
euros of the game
we understand the ultimate and it gives us in the
fucking team of bronze and with the
coins that we are winning played
playing seasons online we're going
improving the team little by little and of course
we have to try to get the first
division in my case you already know that it is a
very lame and I will not even get to
my main account where I have legend
the best equipment and so on
I'm in the sixth division and I'm not going to
come with that team or I do not think
that comes to this division
on board the club since it is in the
account charged for something else in name
of the club to make the dollars already
you know and well let's give it the ultimate
and see the presentation they make us
etc
I have said the thing about that of no
spending money is like a person
normal that you do not have resources for
being money will use the ultimate
team here we start if we have not choose
a player
we have started to admit this
very heavy introduction here we have the
initial team that is not in bronze and
I am going to jump
garzon israel velasco phillips
in the formation I used the 404 n in
this error and my idea is to do it from the
forward link or the Liga or what
I'm going to ask in this video is that
you leave me in the comments of
linking I do if La Liga
the barclays premier league of the
bundesliga my opinion the best that what
the best I can see is doing it in the bbva league
or as much of the league forward as
are not very good players are very
cheap
I do not know, you will tell me yours
your ideas I'm going to sisters and a
poquillo the team and now we come good
people because we already have the team formed
we have been half good at least
we have an acceptable defense since
we have the right lateral side
left that is very difficult I assure you
get a lateral left lateral
good right of penalties we have one of the
league of the villarreal that is called israel
it's normal and you're here by
ortiz of the league forward
these also normalistas we have to
right side from the left with
very good thing we have only goalkeeper
goalkeeper who has come back burini
of Saudi Arabia- we have the midfielder
1 we have a defensive midfielder and not
we have to convert to see what
know where we have to convert
we have shape and other extreme right
we have to be routes of which I have very
good references by friends but not
just to start et cetera and well no
it's bad after neighborhoods too
I have very good references
but I have nothing and we also have
we have this extreme but it is that
we do not have anyone to access I do not
Like it seemed better to put this
d
of offensive midfielder and I do not know if
we would have formed the team be
is for this video to be like
introduction to the guards in the
next game we will do half of
ninth division and we will continue to
continue 0 coins start here this
it costs money people do not I have been
got nothing we have here the
assignment of players to see what's still here
I'm going to sing what I can be talking about
I 'm not watching because I'm short
is going because it's worth for the
players on loan from which it is clear
what extremes I do not know five games four
I'm going to take neymar
I'm going to catch the neymar juniors
I guess we have five parties
I will not use it
for now I will not use it
and my club's mouth is also played
and gave me the chalet and here seeks to give
here is to see or well animal is not
forget to use for now for now do not
I will use when I need it more in a
division a little more advanced as can
be or seventh cap maybe I'll use it
but for now I'm not going to use it and well
the template has remained as
we are seeing the name of the club we are going
to name our club to
continue we also have all the
tasks so that they give us what is the
about free where you can not leave a
big player in front of capitals and put him
to
but
when
the
make a scheme I recommend you
makes
the beto confirms something of what makes you
with men and a half '
I go to these people we have to do
transfers and tell me in the comments
a very important thing that binds it
you want and kevin kim or a lot of politics
dv here for the league forward a league
of the day 21 players two please me
tell me in the comments about what
league you want me to do
and would even record play ninth
division I say tenth division I'm going to
record half and next day today what
I will upload that we were already
complete them being in the tasks of
manager with what you will notice about the
gold that will come great in the channel
we open a bunch of envelopes and the
we throw but here we come to generate a
just going up helps us a lot in a
of these stations to identify me
a little bit also with people who do not
have coins or can not buy
and you're here to see how people are like
he does I like to also live that
experience
and even without any eternal life and until
of $ 30 a series very seen in the
channels like the opposite my own name
to zero dollars and already these people the
next chapter next week if
this video reaches more than 500 likes
new chapter on Sunday directly
say goodbye and if it does not reach 500 and the
next week or touched the staff of
background is to ask me a single all and goodbye